GroupProject/Docs/DesignDocument.md, before:

# Design Document

**Author**: Team074
**Version**: 2.0
- Updated UML diagram

## 1 Design Considerations

### 1.1 Assumptions

The software is a single-user job offer comparison app, programmed in Java 19, that runs the Android 12 operating system. It is assumed that a single system is running the app. The app’s state will persist between runs, and this is accomplished through the use of Android SQLite. One other external dependency is used, which is the cost of living index used to calculate adjusted salaries and bonuses. The software is developed using the Android Studio IDE.


### 1.2 Constraints

The API level is 31 (Android version 12), which impacts several packages: compileSdk, minSdk, and targetSdk. The details of jobs/job offers used for comparisons are entered only by the user. No external data source is used to provide job offer detail information, although adjusted salaries and bonuses are calculated based on a cost of living index. Due to the high amount of user text input required, the UI must be designed such that it is intuitive and responsive.


### 1.3 System Environment

The system is used on a mobile phone (Google Pixel 6) that runs Android 12. The Android operating system is Linux-based and is used for mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets. The Pixel 6 uses a Google Tensor (ARM64) processor and has 8 GB of RAM. Due to Android version 12, the app will run in its own process and instance of Android Runtime.

## 2 Architectural Design


### 2.1 Component Diagram

![image info](./image/ComponentDiagram.png)


There are three components, Comparison, Job Offer and Job offer database.<br>
Job offer component provides functionalities such as enter and edit job offers. Comparison component provides functionalities such as adjust comparison setting. And Job offer database component stores the job offers and comparison settings.                                                                               
### 2.2 Deployment Diagram

![image info](./image/deployment_0305.png)
The diagram shows the deployment of android application. There is an apk. Within the apk, there are compiled classes, compiled resources, uncompiled resources, and deployment spec file. The apk will be deployed in Android execution environment. 

## 3 Low-Level Design

*Describe the low-level design for each of the system components identified in the previous section. For each component, you should provide details in the following UML diagrams to show its internal structure.*

### 3.1 Class Diagram

Bellow is a UML diagram describing the different classes that will be implemented in this program.
![image info](./image/class_diagram_0305.png)

## 4 User Interface Design
![image info](./image/UI_MainMenu.png)
![image info](./image/UI_CurrJob.png)
![image info](./image/UI_JobOffer.png)
![image info](./image/UI_ComparisonSettings.png)
![image info](./image/UI_Compare.png)
![image info](./image/UI_JobCompare.png)

Commit message:

Updated constraints in DesignDocument.md

GroupProject/Docs/DesignDocument.md, after:

# Design Document

**Author**: Team074

**Version**: 2.0
- Updated constraints 
- Updated UML diagram

## 1 Design Considerations

### 1.1 Assumptions

The software is a single-user job offer comparison app, programmed in Java 19, that runs the Android 12 operating system. It is assumed that a single system is running the app. The app’s state will persist between runs, and this is accomplished through the use of Android SQLite. One other external dependency is used, which is the cost of living index used to calculate adjusted salaries and bonuses. The software is developed using the Android Studio IDE.


### 1.2 Constraints

The API level is 31 (Android version 12), which impacts several packages: compileSdk, minSdk, and targetSdk. The details of jobs/job offers used for comparisons are entered only by the user. No external data source is used to provide job offer detail information, although adjusted salaries and bonuses are calculated based on a cost of living index. Due to the high amount of user text input required, the UI must be designed such that it is intuitive and responsive.


### 1.3 System Environment

The system is designed for use on an android phone that runs Android 12, such as a Google Pixel 4 or comparable. The Android operating system is Linux-based and is used for mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets. The Pixel 4 uses a Snapdragon processor and has 6 GB of RAM. Due to Android version 12, the app will run in its own process and instance of Android Runtime.

## 2 Architectural Design


### 2.1 Component Diagram

![image info](./image/ComponentDiagram.png)


There are three components, Comparison, Job Offer and Job offer database.<br>
Job offer component provides functionalities such as enter and edit job offers. Comparison component provides functionalities such as adjust comparison setting. And Job offer database component stores the job offers and comparison settings.                                                                               
### 2.2 Deployment Diagram

![image info](./image/deployment_0305.png)
The diagram shows the deployment of android application. There is an apk. Within the apk, there are compiled classes, compiled resources, uncompiled resources, and deployment spec file. The apk will be deployed in Android execution environment. 

## 3 Low-Level Design

### 3.1 Class Diagram

Bellow is a UML diagram describing the different classes that will be implemented in this program.
![image info](./image/class_diagram_0305.png)

## 4 User Interface Design
![image info](./image/UI_MainMenu.png)
![image info](./image/UI_CurrJob.png)
![image info](./image/UI_JobOffer.png)
![image info](./image/UI_ComparisonSettings.png)
![image info](./image/UI_Compare.png)
![image info](./image/UI_JobCompare.png)
